What was the score of the Penguins' game against the Detroit Red Wings on September 30, 2024?
What is the name of the Halloween-themed parody show at Pittsburgh Playhouse's Fall Fest?
What event is happening at PPG Paints Arena on January 7, 2025?
What time does the Harlem Globetrotters game start on February 14, 2025?
What festival is showing six short films under the theme "Stooges In Love" at the Harris Theater on October 19, 2024?
What event is happening at HiClimb Honolulu on October 27, 2024?
What is the venue for the "Pandemic: Global Dancehall, Cumbia, Bhangra, Balkan Bass" event?
What position does Cameron Heyward play, and how long has he been in the league?
What time is the Provost’s Office Hours event on October 28, 2024?
What event is Michael Blaustein performing at on October 18, 2024?
What is the venue for the West Burbs Social Lunch on December 13, 2024?
What is the jersey number of Najee Harris, the running back for the Steelers?
What was the result of the game between the Penguins and the Winnipeg Jets on October 20, 2024?
What theme did the Delta Gamma sorority choose for the 2023 Spring Carnival Booth?
What band is performing at the New Year’s Eve Party at Baja Bar and Grill in Fox Chapel?
What was the final score of the Steelers' Week 6 game against the Las Vegas Raiders?
What is the venue for the Peanut Butter & Jam Sessions - Winter Wonderland on December 21, 2024?
What Halloween-themed sketch show is being presented at Arcade Comedy Theater on October 19, 2024?
What number does Ke'Bryan Hayes wear for the Pittsburgh Pirates?
What event is taking place at Byers Theatre on December 19, 2024?
What is the date for the Robert Morris University Colonials Men's Hockey game against Bentley?
What event is taking place at Acrisure Stadium on February 28, 2025?
What was the score of the Penguins' home game against the Buffalo Sabres on October 16, 2024?
What concert features Bartók, Ravel, and Sibelius at Heinz Hall on October 18, 2024?
What time does the WashU vs. Carnegie Mellon Women’s Volleyball game start on October 27, 2024?
What is the winning time for the Men's Buggy race in the 2024 Spring Carnival?
What position does Paul Skenes play?
What is the title of the event happening at Hunt Library on October 27, 2024, to celebrate Pittsburgh’s architectural history?
What was the result of the Penguins' game against the Montreal Canadiens on October 14, 2024?
What event is happening at the Petersen Events Center on January 1, 2025?
What was the score of the Steelers' Week 2 game against the Denver Broncos?
What event features live music by The Hauntones and tarot card readings?
What was the result of the Pittsburgh Penguins' game against the Buffalo Sabres on September 21, 2024?
What event is providing voter registration assistance on October 27, 2024?
What team are the Steelers playing in Week 16, and where is the game being held?
What date do the Pirates play the New York Yankees at home in April 2025?
What is the location of the 17th International Exhibition of Botanical Art and Illustration on October 28, 2024?
What time does the wine tasting event start on November 13, 2024, in La Jolla, California?
What event is happening at the Bitz Opera Factory on February 15, 2025?
What is the opponent for the Pirates' game on March 3, 2025?
What is the last game scheduled for the Pirates in September 2025?
What time is the Case Western Reserve vs. Carnegie Mellon Women’s Volleyball game on October 27, 2024?
What time does the Pittsburgh Penguins game against the Hurricanes start at PPG Paints Arena on October 18, 2024?
What time does the Pittsburgh Riverhounds' home opener in 2025 start?
What type of climate does Pittsburgh have according to Köppen climate classification?
What did the U.S. Board on Geographic Names change Pittsburgh's name to?
What year did CMU celebrate its 50th anniversary as a merged institution?
What is the name of CMU's student newspaper?
What significant event led to the British capturing Fort Duquesne and renaming it Pittsburgh?
What year did Andrew Carnegie announce his intention to build a technical school in Pittsburgh that led to the founding of CMU?
What was the original name of Pittsburgh before it was renamed?
What are the Pittsburgh's sports teams' colors?
What is the highest elevation point in Pittsburgh?
What invention by a Pittsburgh native debuted at the 1893 World's Fair?
What year did Margaret Morrison Carnegie College close and merge with other programs at CMU?
What is the nickname of the university's sports teams?
What major industry dominated Pittsburgh's economy in the 19th and early 20th centuries?
What major river forms at the confluence of the Allegheny and Monongahela rivers in Pittsburgh?
What year did CMU open its Qatar campus?
What annual event showcases student projects and research across disciplines at CMU?
What was the original name of Carnegie Mellon University?
What is the name of CMU's college for fine arts?
What is the name of CMU's college for fine arts?
What architectural style characterizes many historic homes on Pittsburgh's North Side?
What was Pittsburgh's first major industry after the American Revolution?
What significant environmental project began post-World War II to clean up air pollution in Pittsburgh?
What year was the first World Series played in Pittsburgh?
What year did the first record of coal mining occur in Pittsburgh?
What renowned cultural institution houses extensive dinosaur collections among other exhibits?
What is Pittsburgh famously known as due to its numerous bridges?
What vaccine was developed by Dr Jonas Salk in Pittsburgh?
What is the name of the famous incline in Pittsburgh that offers views of the city?
What was one of the earliest industries in Pittsburgh after its founding?
What was the first commercial radio station in Pittsburgh?
What industry was Pittsburgh historically known for?
What was the original name of Pittsburgh before it was renamed?
What notable event took place at Civic Arena before Penguins moved PPG Paints Arena
What historical event did Fort Pitt play a central role in during its early history?
What is the name of CMU's global campus in Africa?
What year was Pittsburgh incorporated as a city?
What year did Andrew Carnegie begin steel production near Pittsburgh marking a significant industrial era for the city?
What is the population of Pittsburgh according to the 2020 census?
What are the themes of the Pittsburgh Opera’s performances?
What financial documents are available for the Pittsburgh Opera?
What are the educational programs offered by Pittsburgh Opera?
What is the history of the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra?
What kind of events does the Pittsburgh Symphony host?
What makes the Pittsburgh Symphony unique?
What are the roles of the musicians in the Pittsburgh Symphony?
What kind of music does the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra perform?
What educational programs does the Pittsburgh Symphony offer?
What experiences can visitors expect at The Frick Pittsburgh?
What activities are available at The Frick Pittsburgh?
What exhibitions are showcased at The Frick Pittsburgh?
What is unique about visiting The Frick Pittsburgh?
What are some key attractions to see at The Frick Pittsburgh?
What educational programs are available at The Frick?
What is the Heinz History Center known for?
What can visitors learn at the Western PA Sports Museum?
What historic events are highlighted at the Fort Pitt Museum?
What family activities are available at Meadowcroft Rockshelter?
What are the visiting hours for the Heinz History Center?
What are the key exhibits at the Heinz History Center?
What role does Fort Pitt play in the region’s history?
What makes Meadowcroft Rockshelter a special destination?
What makes food festivals in Pittsburgh unique?
What kinds of food can visitors expect at Pittsburgh's food festivals?
What events typically take place during Pittsburgh food festivals?
What are the most popular food festivals in Pittsburgh?
What makes Pittsburgh a great destination for food lovers?
What cultural elements are celebrated at Pittsburgh food festivals?
What is Picklesburgh known for?
What events can be found at the Picklesburgh festival?
What can visitors expect at Picklesburgh?
What is unique about the Picklesburgh festival?
What makes Picklesburgh a popular event in Pittsburgh?
What is the Pittsburgh Taco Festival?
What can visitors expect at the Pittsburgh Taco Festival?
What types of food are available at the Pittsburgh Taco Festival?
What makes the Pittsburgh Taco Festival special?
What entertainment is offered at the Pittsburgh Taco Festival?
What is the Little Italy Days festival in Pittsburgh?
What can visitors expect at Little Italy Days?
What entertainment is featured during Little Italy Days?
What makes Little Italy Days unique in Pittsburgh?
What are some of the key attractions at Little Italy Days?
What is Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What can diners expect during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What makes Pittsburgh Restaurant Week special?
What sponsorship opportunities are available for Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
What types of cuisines are featured during Pittsburgh Restaurant Week?
